This solution is a simple gRPC demo using .net core 3.1 which includes a Server and Client.

1. Create a blank solution
2. Create a proto folder. Add your .proto files here. 
3. Create a Client project (.net core console app) and server project (.net core console app).
4. Add gRPC nuget references to both client and server./
	a. Grpc/
	b. Grpc.Tools/
	c. Google.Protobuf/
5. In the Client project, Client.csProject add an item group. This will auto-generate grpc code for .proto files.
   Mention the path of proto file and the output path where the autogenerated code will get generated./
	#<ItemGroup>
		#<Protobuf Include="../*.proto" OutputDir="%(RelativePath)gRPC_Code/" />
	#</ItemGroup>
	Do the same for Server project as well.
6. Create Calculator.proto file in proto folder. Define the calculator service in the proto file. On Build/Re-Build of Client and Server project 
   gRPC auto generated code will be created. Two files per proto file(Calculator.cs and CalculatorGrpc.cs).

7. Set the server project.\
   a. Create CalculatorAPI.cs file where the actual code logic is implemented. CalculatorAPI class should inherit
   CalculatorServiceBase(the class which was auto-generated). Override the methods with your logic.\
   b. Set up the gRPC.Core.Server in Program.cs file. Initialize the gRPC.Core.Server with ports and services/api to be exposed.

8. Set the client project. In Program.cs file, Create a Grpc.core.channel object for the specified host and port. Create a CalculatorServiceClient object
   and associate the channel object. Call Add or Subtract API.
